I have an image and my image is the
glamorous blonde the Posie
the car is a posy car
it's my space it's my car and I love the
feeling of the power that it gives me
it's a big turn
I just like speed I like the look on
people's faces as I pull away and
they're shocked because this timid
little woman that sits behind the wheel
actually it's got a lot of bottle and
that's a good word
I used to be a model
as I got a lot of attention wasn't but
I've been retired a few years now the
thing is when I'm driving my car I get
the same attention but you see I'm no
spring chicken but they don't know that
all they can see is this glamorous woman
behind the world
and also is it fun because I can get
away and put my foot down without being
approached you can look but you can't
touch
same thing you get when you're behind a
camera they can see you
okay on the picture and I'll film but
they can't touch so again you're a
fantasy probably somebody else's fantasy
and it's fine so good one it's terminal
just it's just a terminal
I find that other women on the road
react to me
and a nasty sort of
let me pass
let's give way to me even though I do
then and they never
say thank you
they're trying cut me up when I'm trying
to overtake them
it's a shame really because today I mean
I'm no threat to them but the summaries
are rather I find that they're they're
jealous
but this hyped comes across
which is a shine
I work out in a gym
I find there is two sorts of people that
work in the gym or were counting that
you might say
the men and the women
their reactions are like I wouldn't mind
some of that and when the women it's
jealousy like there's a story where
there was a girl at my June
who's gone out with a guy behind you now
she's ever met me
but she'd been asking questions about me
and she'd asked a friend of mine if I
was a threat to her and because of the
way I lived I wouldn't dream of taking
their boyfriends away but again is this
image that comes across
I get up to the traffic light that's one
of my favorite places I always look at
the person as a next to me it's less I
come out a little bit
you're looking a smile and only because
I think I said I was only a woman I'll
get away first now they don't know that
them I put my foot down I will think
what is a woman driver but I always get
away first and when I do it's a big
Turner I love the feel of the how it's
like her an orgasm it's just brilliant
this diceberg had bad days try it hasn't
gone well
bah it's been trouble at home so I just
put my foot down and go for I'd like to
actually end my knife in my car
it sounds morbid
but that's some way oh I'd like to go a
comedian likes to go laughing
being Crosby dived on on the golf course
I want to go my car